ReadMe.md, before:

My Travel Bucket

This website highlights five places that I'd like to visit. The general facts for each city were found through general internet searches. The website uses HTML, CSS, and Javascript. The website is designed mobile first and has two media queries for tablets and desktop users. At the bottom of the website I introduce the user to National Tourism Day, which occurs every May 7th. A Javascript function to used to calculate and display the number of  days left until May 7th for the user to plan their travel.  


Features included in this project

- Use a regular expression to validate user iput and either prevent the invalid input or inform the user about it.
    - User enters email address and is notified if the input was a valid email, an invalid entry, or if they have failed to enter anything. 

- Use arrays, objects, sets or maps to story and retrieve information that is displayed in the app. 
    -  The general facts for each city are stored in an array containing city name, best months to visit, a popular attraction, the nickname of the city, and an adjective describing the city. 
    - A function is used to iterate over the array to produce sentences about each city. 

- Retrieve data from a third-party API and use it to display something within the app.
    - A famous quote is retrieved upon page load from a third-party API (https://github.com/lukePeavey/quotable - quote API). The quote is displayed near the bottom of the page. 
    - The user may click a button to retrieve a new quote if desired.


Instructions for viewing website
1. Clone this git repository to your local machine 
2. If downloaded as a zip folder, extract all the files
3. Open the MyTravelBucket folder
4. Open the frontend folder
5. Choose to open the index.html file in your web browser


Resources:
- https://unsplash.com (for images of the cities)
- https://github.com/lukePeavey/quotable (quote API)
- https://coolors.co (for color palette)

Commit message:

Added Calculation in Javascript to ReadMe file

ReadMe.md, after:

My Travel Bucket

This website highlights five places that I'd like to visit. The general facts for each city were found through general internet searches. The website uses HTML, CSS, and Javascript. The website is designed mobile first and has two media queries for tablets and desktop users. At the bottom of the website I introduce the user to National Tourism Day, which occurs every May 7th. A Javascript function to used to calculate and display the number of  days left until May 7th for the user to plan their travel.  


Features included in this project

- Use a regular expression to validate user iput and either prevent the invalid input or inform the user about it.
    - User enters email address and is notified if the input was a valid email, an invalid entry, or if they have failed to enter anything. 

- Use arrays, objects, sets or maps to story and retrieve information that is displayed in the app. 
    -  The general facts for each city are stored in an array containing city name, best months to visit, a popular attraction, the nickname of the city, and an adjective describing the city. 
    - A function is used to iterate over the array to produce sentences about each city. 

- Retrieve data from a third-party API and use it to display something within the app.
    - A famous quote is retrieved upon page load from a third-party API (https://github.com/lukePeavey/quotable - quote API). The quote is displayed near the bottom of the page. 
    - The user may click a button to retrieve a new quote if desired.

- Calculate and display data based on an external factor (ex: get the current date, and display how many days remaining until some event)
    - Used Javascript to calculate the number of days left until National Tourism Day, May 7th. 


Instructions for viewing website
1. Clone this git repository to your local machine 
2. If downloaded as a zip folder, extract all the files
3. Open the MyTravelBucket folder
4. Open the frontend folder
5. Choose to open the index.html file in your web browser


Resources:
- https://unsplash.com (for images of the cities)
- https://github.com/lukePeavey/quotable (quote API)
- https://coolors.co (for color palette)
